I wanted to do something completely
different Cavalia is not a unique show
but it's a unique concept so when you
you do a unique concept or a very our
original concept something that you
never saw before you're ready to to
change everything around so I wanted to
do a touring show so I knew I was going
to use a tent but how can you do a show
in the tent would not be in a circus so
this is where the question started so
its first started with the seating the
seating is not a regular circus type in
the round and then I you start with the
stage the stage is not a regular circus
around ring it's a very large stage of
deuterium type so all of these ID start
to grow up and it became cavalia cavalia
became a unique concept from the ID up
to today's about 10 years ago of course
I brought a show about the eight nine
years ago I brought a horse to a show
and they were in that show there were
about hundred and fifty performers on
stage and at once the horse was just
crossing the stage and I found out that
the people were not looking at the 150
performers but they were following the
hordes so I accept my god this is a star
this is the real star so this is where I
had my first connection with the horses
in the show then i went to france i went
to a cross i went to see a lot of
dressage i went to see jumping
competition i want to see western
country and western rodeos I went to see
what everything was as involving with
horses and I find out that all
individual department or all the
individual like from the classic
dressage from the jumping day all they
were all doing inside the same thing so
I wanted to mix the the type of of the
equestrian technique I wanted to bring
them to the twen
21st century because they all doing it
but they're doing it the same way for
the last hundreds of year so I wanted to
do it differently so since I'm not a
horse person it was easy for me to say
okay let's do a dressage act with no
bits and you look at any if you go with
to anybody in the traditional dressage
and you tell okay you'll do a dressage
number but with no bits just with the
color they all think you're crazy but
since I don't know about horses I push
all the frontier of course six years ago
five six years ago I met philippino &
McGill Adele gatos out of France they
brought me to the house I shot they show
me what they were doing and how they
were working with the horses and also
that change a lot that gave me that
option of going much further in the
equestrian world than what all those
traditional which are great I mean I
like to go see dressage but it's still
this till do all the same thing for
three days so so if you go to a
competition or to our West Western rodeo
if you go to a day of raining it's
raining all day I mean it's the same
thing is the same thing for the cutting
it's three hours of cutting doing the
same things I wanted to do use all those
technique but to bring them to different
skills including also the acrobatic
which never have been done before so
mixing the acrobatic and the equestrian
plus the multimedia because I use a lot
of modern multimedia image projection
special effects this bring something
completely new
you